---
title: "1.5 Fetch changes from GitHub"
category: subchapter
booktype: github
weight: 6
---

### 1.5 Fetch changes from GitHub

In order to maintain reliable two-way mirror using setup described above, Git users have to push their changes to SubGit-managed Git repository rather than submitting changes to GitHub repository directly.

>
We recommend to disable write access to GitHub repository and submit any Git changes through SubGit mirror only.

However, often times it is required to synchronize changes arrived to GitHub with Subversion repository. In this case you'd need to setup a periodical job that fetches new commits from GitHub repository and applies them to SVN side of the mirror. 

We do not recommend fetching new commits from GitHub repository to project.git repository directly. Instead, clone SubGit-managed Git repository to another location:

    $ git clone --bare project.git clone.git
	$ cd clone.git
	$ git remote add github --mirror=fetch https://github.com/org/project

And then create the following executable file that synchronizes new commits arrived to GitHib with Subversion repository:

    $ edit /path/to/script.sh
    cd /path/to/clone.git
	git fetch github
	git push origin --all --follow-tags

Finally add this executable file to the cron table:

	$ crontab -e
	*/20 * * * * /path/to/script.sh

In this example cron job tries to synchronize GitHub and SVN repositories every 20 minutes.

Note that in case the same branch is concurrently updated from both SVN and GitHub sides, `git push origin --all --follow-tags` command fails to push and synchronize new changes. This is the primary reason why Git users have to publish their changes through SubGit-managed Git repository rather than through GitHub repository.

In order to avoid possible concurrent access to the same branch from both Git and SVN sides, consider configuring SubGit mirror to fetch SVN revisions to a separate namespace:

    trunk = trunk:refs/heads/svn/trunk
    branches = branches/*:refs/heads/svn/*
    tags = tags/*:refs/tags/svn/*
	
And then merge GitHub and Subversion histories manually:

    $ git checkout master
    $ git merge svn/trunk
	$ git push origin master

[up](#up)